if Daniel Sedin wasn't an athlete what
do you think he'd be doing I think he'd
be the the Ken Jennings of Swedish
jeopardy over there he'd be a pretty
good trivia guy I think he'd be a
comedian
actually be a professional spectator in
the comedy show because he laughed so
much I don't know if that's a job but if
if that job exists he'd be a very high
paid big guy it's hard to imagine Danny
there not being involved in sports aw he
was an athlete I'd say he'd be coaching
certainly his kids and in some sport if
you were tin athlete what would you be
doing probably a teacher what do you
think his favorite dessert is to have
after dinner that's tough I'm gonna
guess some sort of Swedish delicacy that
you can take out of a tube kind of like
toothpaste it seems like all their
favorite Creed's come out of a tube but
I'll be swedish fish no Swedish guy no I
don't know what they have up there
probably salmon for dessert - that's a
tough call sign Oh down he really likes
his desserts
I think his favorite thing to do is to
hit a convenience store just raid the
candy aisle we have a favorite dessert
if you could always have one
after-dinner cheesecake easy
we know Daniel and Henrik are pretty
good pretty even at a lot of things but
is there one thing you think Daniel is
100 percent better at than his brother
Henry
I'm just gonna say soccer just to pump
Daniels tires a little bit whoo
I still have a hard time separating the
two the tough one maybe one is a better
singer who knows maybe someone has
better vocal cords because he came up
came out first or I don't know
handstands is there one thing that you
really are better at than your brother
waking up in the mall shut are you
laughing stop one together for the other
guys to look I'll say that you can hold
this to try to say it how do you think
the proper pronunciation is of Daniels
hometown orange gold sticker bones coats
weak or scurvy Warren Scoville on shunts
week